Update for Android Kotlin DSL based projects (#9369)
flutter/website: src/add-to-app/android/project-setup.md

  releaseImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_release:1.0'
}
```
</br>

> ##### Kotlin DSL

Reviewer: We should probably also change what is currently [line 269](https://github.com/flutter/website/blob/a133bb3be86e4f501eb49f6839b5b35bf77faded/src/add-to-app/android/project-setup.md?plain=1#L269) to indicate that the steps will differ for Java and Kotlin projects.

<?code-excerpt title="MyApp/app/build.gradle.kts"?>
```gradle
android {
    buildTypes {
        release {
      ...
        }
        debug {
          ...
        }

        create("profile") {
            initWith(getByName("debug"))
        }
}

dependencies {
  // ...
  debugImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_debug:1.0'

>   releaseImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_release:1.0'

Reviewer: Trying this out with a freshly created Android app + Flutter module and it doesn't seem to work. Is this correct syntax?

If you haven't already, can you validate these changes with a similar setup and comment the steps you took? That's how most developers would land on this page. It would also help me review this because I'm not an add-to-app expert.

> }

Reviewer: Can we add the `profileImplementation` here as well? Adding any necessary steps needed to add that implementation will keep this consistent with the instructions for Java based projects.

Author: Steps updated to add profileImplementation in Kotlin DSL based project

Reviewer 2: It looks like we can resolve this, yes?

  }
}

```
</br>

### Kotlin DSL based Android Project

> After `aar` build, follow these steps to add flutter_module in Koltin DSL based Android Projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After an `aar` build of a Kotlin DSL-based Android project,
follow these steps to add the flutter_module.
```

> Inlcude Flutter Module as dependecy in Android Project `app/build.gradle`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include the flutter module as a dependency in 
the Android project's `app/build.gradle` file.
```

<?code-excerpt title="MyApp/app/build.gradle.kts"?>
```gradle
android {
    buildTypes {
        release {
          ...
        }
        debug {
          ...
        }
        create("profile") {
            initWith(getByName("debug"))
        }
}
dependencies {
  // ...

>   debugImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_debug:1.0'

Reviewer 3: this is a nit but let's use double-quotes in Groovy as well

Reviewer 2: I added a suggestion for this.

>   debugImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_debug:1.0'

Reviewer 2: Following @bartekpacia's suggestion:

```suggestion
  debugImplementation "com.example.flutter_module:flutter_debug:1.0"
```

  releaseImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_release:1.0'
  add("profileImplementation", "com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")
}
```

> Here `profileImplementation` is a custom `configuration` to be implemented in `app/build.gradle` of host Project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `profileImplementation` ID is a custom `configuration` to be
implemented in the `app/build.gradle` file of a host project.
```

  }
}

```
</br>

### Kotlin DSL based Android Project

After `aar` build, follow these steps to add flutter_module in Koltin DSL based Android Projects.

Inlcude Flutter Module as dependecy in Android Project `app/build.gradle`
<?code-excerpt title="MyApp/app/build.gradle.kts"?>
```gradle
android {
    buildTypes {
        release {
          ...
        }
        debug {
          ...
        }
        create("profile") {
            // change with your own signin configs
            signingConfig = signingConfigs.getByName("debug")
            initWith(getByName("debug"))
        }
}
dependencies {
  // ...
  debugImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_debug:1.0'
  releaseImplementation 'com.example.flutter_module:flutter_release:1.0'

>   "profileImplementation"("com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")

Reviewer 4: This does not look right

Author: > This does not look right

I tested this on Groovy and Kotlin DSL based projects.

In Groovy Projects `profileImplementation` is available to use.
`profileImplementation("com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")`

In Koltin DSL `profileImplementation` need to be created in Host Project to use profile version. According to resources i was able to find There multiple ways to implement `profileImplementation`. 

1. `add("profileImplementation", "com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")`  OR
2. `"profileImplementation"("com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")`
[Configuring plugins without type-safe accessors](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/kotlin_dsl.html#ex-configuring-plugins-without-type-safe-accessors)

For sample i have created Project to test. `flutter_module` is used in both host projects.
1. Flutter Module [flutter_module](https://github.com/theshivamlko/basic_flutter_module)
3. Kotlin DSL Android Project [UnitConvertorCompose](https://github.com/theshivamlko/Android-Course-Practice/tree/main/UnitConvertorCompose)
4. Groovy Android Project [FlutterAddToAppGroovy](https://github.com/theshivamlko/FlutterAddToAppGroovy)

Reviewer 4: > In Groovy Projects `profileImplementation` is available to use.
> `profileImplementation("com.example.flutter_module:flutter_profile:1.0")`

That's not what is in the PR. Please re-read the delta.

Reviewer: @bartekpacia can you weigh in here? Not sure what's expected in terms of having a `profileImplementation` for Kotlin DSL based projects.

Reviewer 4: The line I highlighted is invalid syntax IIUC

Reviewer 3: This strange syntax indeed looks valid ([see here](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/kotlin_dsl.html#artifact_configurations)). I've never built an add-to-app project though and am not familiar with the build system there.
